yes
how welcome are you to another new broadcast
of Creole horses today to share
with all of you dear friends
our visit to the cabin of the
entrerriana located here in the town
from crespo province of between rivers
really an 11 year old cabin
I work with an excellent job in
as to all that was his breeding together
the creole race creole horses
start this way
Y
I meet with Mrs. Teresa
paschal owner of the cabin and
theresa to give a start
relatively of all that was that
day that first day that is to say we are
within the Creole race good to me
I have always liked horses
and good and we are buying some that
another some mestizo never at the end we
we will have stayed with none until
one day
we buy in a auction an auction in
palermo
a horse that was in pain you will be
a gelding
for me because I kept looking for a
horse for me
this
We were surprised by the quality
I had
both on a cute smart horse
it was fine the time that was spectacular
I still have it and you had ridden and
the truth that I take great care of him is already
a little bigger by the time that
happened but good from that horse
well, we bought the breeder that
had sold that had sold us
Roberto Cerutti in him had brought him
the auction and he has the cabin that
approach between rivers then we went
and as I tell you, I always like them
the horses I liked very much the
criollos so good with my husband
we went to visit to steal everything and there
we buy other mares
and then investigating a bit too
the pedigree of our horse and
we started to get in because good
first it started with one thing was to have a
horse after the truth was was was a
hobby after we had the mares say
well we have the mares now the truth
we wanted to get them pups because we
I liked it a lot and well we ended up going and
knowing what he kept he will be in san
baldomero and we became very close friends of
eduardo and we started a stage let's say
as the first was stage 0 and this one
then the as the foundational stage was
good if we buy 2 stallions and good
all that what followed was incorporate
Eduardo's genetics I also had a lot
lucky because we learned a lot with him and
then he started to see more and more
horses then what was something very
Simple required good cabañero more
organization we keep learning from
genetic and good a 'not a thing that does not
I told you that also so with very few
horses we went to this me why
I do not know, I would almost tell you, I do not remember
how it was but we had three
good horses let's see what this is
the gold brake that I think good as
that was already beginning to be heard here between
the breeders and
and since I had applied the bug
of the gold brake here yes, let's go to
see what this is because it said good there
very good also very good horses
well let's go there we went and the truth that
we had a lot of fun the test is
very nice we started we were treated barbarian
In Brazil we loved it and we saw that it was
something that we really loved
we would say horses did everything that
they were very beautiful they will be very similar to what
how good many matches it seemed that
we liked lived with a vision
renovator
yes yes it was very very very good let's say
have done that
good we keep incorporating good
Eduardo's animals and at some point
We thought it was good, let's see
what's up with this
brake genetics and we had
known to a breeder that is very
important in brazil and very good rider
well known that is marcelo mobile that
it also brings the brake here so
we brought a stallion from him we started
cross because it was was one seemed to us a
very complementary horse by
example of the asleep tintillo that is the
horse that
We were using at that time
principle we had used tomorrow the
amulet that is now in brazil in the
of some friends as they were few
We needed another stallion because if not
I was going to be too we could not
cast the same stallion and
after d
over time we say good inside the
singing we had already started a little
oriented to the brake and well that is
that is reinforced
and we saw that we needed
function
we said good what is a little blood
functional that we are missing and it was the
the Falcon and Victor lines that
bug so well before we had
discovered a horse that joined facón
with his collisions they are both blood
Functional most important here that
They use here in Argentina so we take
that horse
about our mares for three years
and we also brought a stallion of Victor
that we are using now that is the
linen boot that yes we think that
They have a good morphology and good
we think it has to be that it is
now he has a problem on a rope
but if he leaves he will train and good and
now we are throwing that stallion and so
it's like we arrived we were arming like the
genetic map that we have that we have
today
yes
Y